#summary Lists changes for each version.

*2.4.3*

- Fixed another multiplayer crash.<br>
- Improved local network multiplayer performance.

*2.4.2*

- Fixed multiplayer crash.

*2.4.1*

- Fixed bug with wrong application data directory being used on Windows.<br>
- Fixed bug with HUDs appearing too far up in splitscreen multiplayer.<br>
- Fixed bug where after a crash the process stays active.

*2.4.0*

- Supports internet multiplayer as well as local network.<br>
- Supports Mac OS X Snow Leopard.<br>
- Improved circuit graphics.<br>
- Improved TV graphics.<br>
- Improved AI.<br>
- Re-added multiplayer chat.

*2.3.2*

- Added instant replays.

*2.3.1*

- Better detection of crashes because of graphics card driver problems.<br>
- Fixed crashes when sound is enabled.<br>
- Track records screen now shows best 50 instead of 20.<br>
- Small improvements to graphics and camera.

*2.3.0*

- Integrated menu system.<br>
- No longer required to restart the game to start a new session.<br>
- Improved car physics.<br>
- Small editor improvements.

*2.2.1*

- Added sound (disabled by default).<br>
- HUD now also works in splitscreen.<br>
- Improved editor interface.<br>
- Reduced loading times.<br>
- Fixed bugs and improved performance in network multiplayer.

*2.2.0 *

- Splitscreen multiplayer.<br>
- Penalties when driving off track too long (to prevent corner cutting).<br>
- Improved track records menu.<br>
- Improved SAT messages during race.

*2.1.6 *

- Improved performance.<br>
- Improved AI.<br>
- Helmet graphics.<br>
- Enable or disable debug mode from the menu.<br>
- Fixed bug with car handling in reverse gear.<br>
- Fixed bug in editor with node transforms not being updated.

*2.1.5 *

- Improved performance.<br>
- Fixed bug with editor on Windows.

*2.1.4*

- Added automatic error reporting.

*2.1.3*

- Improved physics.<br>
- Improved AI.<br>
- 6 cars participate at the same time now.<br>
- Added animated effects to menu system.

*2.1.2*

- Upgraded to Java 6.<br>
- Fullscreen now also works in menu.<br>
- Fixed bugs with AI cars.<br>
- Fixed multiplayer performance problems.

*2.1.1 *

- AI balance changes.<br>
- Particle effects.

*2.1.0 *

- New car physics model.<br>
- Improved graphics.<br>
- Menus are now located in separate files (and are editable).<br>
- Added track cameras.<br>
- Added option to race without CPU cars.<br>
- Added keyboard shortcuts to menus.<br>
- Fixed bug where multiplayer players could have different settings.

*2.0.4 *

- Added race mode.<br>
- New AI system.<br>
- Improved graphics.<br>
- Changed editor to one window instead of two.<br>
- Added support for Java Web Start.

*2.0.3 *

- Improved graphics.<br>
- Improved editor.<br>
- Fixed bugs in multiplayer mode.

*2.0.2*

- Improved AI.<br>
- Graphical improvements.<br>
- Added splash screen during loading.<br>
- Fixed multiple bugs in multiplayer mode.

*2.0.1 *

- Improved car/car collision physics.<br>
- Added pause (works in multiplayer).<br>
- Added TV graphics.<br>
- Added radar.<br>
- Added in-game chat.<br>
- Added player name indicators.<br>
- Auto-reverse is now enabled by default.

*2.0.0 *

- Re-release.